## Understanding the payload for the Docker (Query request)


## Variables in the payload

These are the 13 variables supported by the Docker start-process

"dataset": 
"org_unit": 
"stat_type": 
"product": 
"var_name": 
"agg_period": 
"start_date": 
"end_date": 
"x_start_stride_stop":
"y_start_stride_stop": 
"dhis_dist_version": 
"data_element_id":
"boundaries":


Explanation of the variables:

dataset : Defines which NASA Earth observations to download. This is NEOH-app specific variable. 
            The supported datasets are precipitation, vegetation, and temperature


org_unit : This is a DHIS2 specific variable. defines which level of organization hierarchy the data should be loaded into. The values differ based on the DHIS2 country and configuration. Some example values are National, District, and Chiefdom.

stat_type : This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines which measure of central tendency to use. The supported values are mean, median, and mode.
product : This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines the product name from the satelite. These values differ based on dataset and data provider. 

For precipitation - "GPM_3IMERGDF.06"
    vegetation - "MOD13A2"
    Temperature - "MOD11B2"

var_name : This is NEOH-app specific variable. Based on the product name from the satelite, the variable is chosen. A satelite product will have multiple variables associated with it.

For precipitation - "precipitationCal"
    vegetation - "_1_km_16_days_NDVI"
    Temperature - "LST_Day_6km"

agg_period : This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines how the aggregations are peformed. Curretly supporting "daily" agrregation. In future, the possible values may include hourly, monthly, and yearly.

start_date :  This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines the start date of the request. The supported values are "2020-01-01T00:00:00.000Z" or "2020-01-01"
end_date :  This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines the end date of the request. The supported values are "2020-01-01T00:00:00.000Z" or "2020-01-01"
x_start_stride_stop :  This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines the boundary for data subsetting. Applied to OPeNDAP URLs on data download. The value is a constant for Africa continent. "[0:5:1199]"
y_start_stride_stop :  This is NEOH-app specific variable. Defines the boundary for data subsetting. Applied to OPeNDAP URLs on data download. The value is a constant for Africa continent. "[0:5:1199]"

dhis_dist_version :  This is NEOH-app specific variable. To maintain a local storage of which version/country is being used. 

data_element_id : This is a DHIS2 specific variable. The Data Element ID from DHIS2 for a specific dataset is entered here. A random string of characters generated by DHIS2

boundaries : This is a DHIS2 specific variable. The GEO-JSON file from DHIS2. This is a list of latitude and longitude values based on the "org_unit" selection. The DHIS2 API outputs a list by organization hierarchy and its coordinates stored in the instance
